there's this like video on YouTube with
like this woman with a nail in the head
and she's like I just want to talk about
having a nail in the head he's like can
I just remove the nail in the head he's
like she's like no I just wanted this is
just painful so many of my fights with
Tara was because I was just not attuned
to the thing that she wanted in that
moment and so and and vice versa and so
we came up with this idea of like hey do
you right now you're processing
something do you just want to be
listened to do you want some questions
or do you want
advice it's just it was a simple
question and I'll go into that in a
second but it speaks to this broader
thing of like what is it that the person
actually wants right now from you so we
usually react to something from like a a
complete programming like oh when
somebody comes with a problem we go and
solve the problem when somebody says I'm
hungry we cook like or or when somebody
says I'm hungry we say like well [__]
Foods in the fridge like what whatever
we have a program that we we run when
somebody comes to us with X Y or Z but
it's not particularly always what the
person who's coming to us wants
generally and so so many fights happen
because somebody is
basically thinking that somebody wants
something when they don't want it as a
matter of fact I see this like in such
such a broad way where so many times I
see particularly husbands but not always
particularly husbands are constantly
trying to help their wife solve a
problem which makes the wife feel
undermined and belittled like I don't
need your [__] help and then they get
resentful and this whole thing like gets
and then like years of this goes on and
then the wife feels like belittled and
disempowered and the husband is like
wait I do everything I can to make her
happy and she's still not happy like
like like uh and it's all because of
this little thing which is like she
doesn't want your help she just wants to
be
heard or she wants you to show her not
do it for her or whatever it is like and
vice versa this happens often like the
man will also be like hey I just want a
little [__] help and she's like
saying yeah it's really hard when your
boss does that like no I want you to
like give me some advice so it it works
both ways and and so it's just really
important to to ask just be really
intentional and say what is it that you
want and that's what tan and I would do
is like when a discussion would happen
and I would like have some response and
I would see she get a little cranky at
me I would be like okay wait wait wait
do you want what do you want do you want
me to just listen do you want me to give
you some advice you want some questions
and then she would do the same thing and
we had this particular thing around that
where we realized that what we almost
never wanted was the other person to
coach us or to be our PS psychiatrist
it's like no we want to we want each
other to be with each other like I just
want you to be with me I don't want you
to try to fix
me and today we'll occasionally say oh
I'd really like some coaching and it'll
happen like once every two months or
something like that I want your but it's
it's it's like we really found it found
a very clear boundary with ourselves
that like oh we don't really want that
we rather just have somebody with us
listening to us maybe sometimes helping
us solve a problem or asking really good
questions
but never like in that mode of trying to
to
fix and and so that was a big eye opener
but it was just it all started with this
very simple simple thing which was do
you want me to just listen do you want
questions do you want advice and one of
the coolest things was at the beginning
the listening was
like so hard I'm like I got advice I got
advice like there's this like video on
YouTube with like this woman with ail in
the head and she's like I just want to
talk about having a nail in the head
he's like can I just remove the nail in
the head he's like she's like no I just
wanted this is just
painful and that's how I felt I felt so
freaking frustrated I was
like and now it's like oh this is so
easy like I don't have to do [__] I can
just sit there and be loving and listen
to her and she will sort out the whole
thing herself like she'll just talk and
then all of a sudden she'll know what
the [__] to do and then the whole thing
will be
resolved and it's like this lovely thing
and I I used to think I had to do so
much I like I had this feeling of like
I'm responsible for her happiness and
now it's like oh no like I can just be
with her it's just that easy and it's
it's it's so much so much nicer of a
relationship
[Music]